Provide some important :nerd_face: info (#5)
JeremyEspresso/hamachi: README.md

> # hamachi

Reviewer: why?

> # hamachi v5

Reviewer: we are currently at V2

```suggestion
# hamachi V2
```

hamachi

> the fastest :rocket: and the most epic :clap: hamachi :sweat_drops: implementation so far! :dancers:

Reviewer: spelling...
```suggestion
the fastestest :rocket: and the most epicest :clap: hAmAchi :sweat_drops: implementationing so far! :dancers:
```
